1. What exactly is a feature?

A feature is a description of an image's content; it usually indicates if a certain area of the image possesses particular characteristics. Features in an image can be particular elements like points, edges, or objects.

2. For a top edge detector, write out the convolutional kernel matrix.

To obtain the edge information, a differential convolution kernel is used. Of these kernels, Sobel convolution kernels are used for horizontal and vertical edge detection

3. Describe the mathematical operation that a 3x3 kernel performs on a single pixel in an image.

A kernel, convolution matrix, or mask is a small matrix. It is used for blurring, sharpening, embossing, edge detection, and more. This is accomplished by doing a convolution between a kernel and an image

4. What is the significance of a convolutional kernel added to a 3x3 matrix of zeroes?

5. What exactly is padding?

Padding is simply a process of adding layers of zeros to our input images so as to avoid the problems mentioned above. This prevents shrinking as, if p = number of layers of zeros added to the border of the image, then our (n x n) image becomes (n + 2p) x (n + 2p) image after padding.

6. What is the concept of stride?

Stride is a parameter of the neural network's filter that modifies the amount of movement over the image or video. For example, if a neural network's stride is set to 1, the filter will move one pixel, or unit, at a time.

7. What are the shapes of PyTorch's 2D convolution's input and weight parameters?

8. What exactly is a channel?

a "channel" refers to a certain component that defines pixel values in a digital image. A color image, for example is an aggregate of three channels (red, green and blue). The color data of an image is stored in three arrays of values, known as channels.

9.Explain relationship between matrix multiplication and a convolution?

convolutions can be mapped as matrix multiplication operations by flattening and rearranging the weights and input features. As illustrated in Figure 2, 64 × 3 kernels with a size of 3 × 3 are mapped to a rearranged matrix with dimensions of 64 × (3 × 3 × 3).

*******
